thousands of demonstrators in London
have marched in support of Palestinians
is the latest in a series of protests in
European cities in recent days a counter
demonstration was called because of was
canceled rather because of security
concerns but a smaller event by a group
that supports Israel's actions did go
ahead in central London Harry foret was
at the march with this
update so this latest March Now setting
off along whiteall its destination hide
Park as always concerns about the latest
phases of the war in Gs of the potential
for a fulls scale assault on Rafa this
is as well the first March since the
discovery of that mass grave at Al NASA
hospital and the first since the
dramatic scenes we've seen at campuses
in the United States we spoke to some
students here a short while ago we are
so proud of it to be honest this builds
um more strength among students and I
think it's it's getting huge it's
getting a spread um in the whole states
and around the world and it's making
everything more important and it's so so
important now the campaign against
anti-Semitism was also scheduled to be
holding a March or what it called a walk
together event at the same time it
pulled that off it said for fear of
hostile actors and the safety of Jews at
the same time I put those points to the
head of the Palestine solidarity
campaign Ben Jamal
this tactic of conflating anti-Semitism
with legitimate criticism of the state
of Israel is a very very familiar one uh
and is used globally by Israel to
silence palan voices and those uh who
are advocating for Palestinian rights
another counter-protest by a pro-israel
group did take place though a group
calling itself enough is enough
stationed in a static demonstration
alongside the pro Palestinian March
route uh police concentrated at that
area and kept both protesting groups
apart from each other the prop
Palestinian group then ending up here in
Hyde Park for their rally they say that
this the 13th such National protest in
London is the latest but certainly not
the last they intend to continue with
this action in support of Gaza and
against the war Harry foret Al jazer
London make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
jazer